Add some recommendations in Learn guides (#330)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-docs: components/learn/modules/ROOT/pages/setting-up-a-node-project.adoc

> Once you're done, run `node --version` on a terminal to check your installation: any version of the 10.x or 12.x line should be compatible with most Ethereum software.
> 
> [.truffle]
> --
> Current Truffel node version recommendation is the 12.x. You can check which is the recommended node version https://trufflesuite.com/docs/truffle/getting-started/installation/[here]
> --
> 
> [.hardhat]
> --
> Current Hardhat node version recommendation is using LTS. 
> https://hardhat.org/tutorial/setting-up-the-environment[Hardhat node version]
> https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/[Current LTS version]
> --
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you're done, run `node --version` on a terminal to check your installation. We recommend using the https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/[active LTS version] for best compatibility with Ethereum libraries.
```
